# Fluid-and-Turbulent-flow
The main objective of this project is to characterise caustic structures of inertial particles in turbulent flow. Caustics are folds of the particle distribution over configuration space. At a caustic, the area of the parallelepiped spanned by separation vectors between the three particles vanishes. In other words, at a caustic, three nearby particles lie in a straight line. The studies of inertial particle dispersion in dierent types of flows have shown that the particles display complex dynamical behaviours like the formation of fractal clusters and caustics. The analysis of the structures formed by inertial particles gives us important information regarding the Stokes number of particles and the flow.
# Code
Main idea - to get velocity field of particles upon inputing sequence of images generated from a simulation run (like TG, etc..)/or experimental plasma data.
This is to characterize the simulated flow(Taylor green or Turbulent) with input taken as images and output as the different layers of the Multivalued flow(velocity being multivalued here). This was a failed attempt of using a particular algorithm which was essentially a specific logistic regression way of separating layers in sequence of images having multi-valued velocity.
Hence the next approach involves CNN algorithm, which is currently under work. The code will be updated soon.
# ML approach
In ML approach, we try to make NN/CNN work and predict PIV(particle image velocity) step by step. Using a maxshift value the training sample is generated using single image with randomised pixel. First only introduced x shift, then x + y shift, noise + shifts and finally trying multivalued xy shift with noise. The predicted parameters (2*maxshift + 1) tell whether for particular pixel, what the maxshift is (the parameter(s) with +ve value) and then the predicted paramters are used in predicting the PIV contour (using softmax and guassian filter).
